# Pinscape_Pico_Jr_DIY
This project is for a Virtual Pinball game controller based on a Rasberry Pi Pico called the Pinscape Pico Jr DIY Board.  The Pinscape Pico Jr DIY Board is the Open Source DIY version of the Pinscape Pico Jr Pro Board which uses SMT and JST connectors, it is intented for commercial use by Intense Arcade.  The Pinscape Pico Jr Board provides a virtual ball plunger using the game controller Z axis of a joystick output. An optional precision ADC module can be added for optimum plunger performance.  An accelerometer provides X/Y movement to the applicable game controller X/Y joystick output. The design allows the use of two types of accelometer modules.  A true USB keyboard HID emulation provides 24 buttons that can emulate any key. This board also provides 16 PWM output channels that are LED Wiz/DOF compliant.  Basic pinball game controllers can cost anywhere from $40 to $125. The Pinscape Pico Jr Board will set you back $15 and will be as good if not better than the more expensive competition. This project can also be purchased as a complete kit starting at $14. The project is offered as is, and free to copy and use.  If used for profit, all I ask is that the project name not be changed.  
Items in this project that I am providing include a BOM (also an interactive BOM), schematics, PCB fab files (gerbers and drill files), and KiCAD source files. For the sake of simplicity I used a generic Samtec_HPM-0X-01 Pin header for all connections. However, the design is intended to use 15 each of the Altech KF301-2P stackable 2-pin contacts and KF301-3P (3-pin) for the plunger interface.  So keep this in mid if ordering parts through the BOM. For information and code download concerning MJR's Pinscape for Pico please follow his GitHub page at https://github.com/mjrgh/PinscapePico.  Please enjoy this project. 

